Added security and privacy note for when installing add-ons to the user guide (#16316)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

Risks may include, but are not limited to:

* Insecure network connections
* Files stored with insecure file permissions or in an unprotected location
* Writing sensitive information to a log file without notifying the user
* Vulnerabilities in third-party libraries
* Cryptographic vulnerabilities

Users install NVDA add-ons at their own risk.
Therefore, the following considerations should be kept in mind when installing them:

* If the developer has a website, spend some time evaluating whether it appears to be a serious source you can trust.
* Read the description carefully. Does the add-on need questionable permissions? Does it track data? Does it share sensitive data with other sources that you don’t trust?
* Check out the [community reviews #AddonStoreReviews] for the add-on. Are there any complaints about the add-on? Are there any reports about data being taken, or for anything that makes you feel unsafe?

> * The risk of vulnerabilities increases the more add-ons you installed. Therefore, be sure to remain aware of where you are downloading your add-ons from. Sources other than the official NVDA Add-on Store may be malicious, may include out of date versions, or may not perform any quality checks.

Reviewer: Just a detail:
There is no concept of "official" Add-on Store and unofficial ones. The Add-on Store is just a part of NVDA as the settings dialog or the update window is. There is just the Add-on Store, and alternative ways to download add-ons. Thus I'd drop "official".

```suggestion
* The risk of vulnerabilities increases the more add-ons you installed. Therefore, be sure to remain aware of where you are downloading your add-ons from. Sources other than NVDA's Add-on Store may be malicious, may include out of date versions, or may not perform any quality checks.
```
